# Vector-Drawing-Application
MS Paint Features Application: 1. Draw a New Shape When clicking on any button of a specific shape (e.g. Circle – Line Segment – Square – Ellipse - Rectangle – Triangle) , the app will prompt a dialog asking you to enter all information about the shape to be drawn after that . The 2 figures below are for an example of drawing a square (X &amp; Y coordinate are counter from the top left of the drawing panel).2. Edit an existing Shape This button allow to user to edit on a selected object and change all his priorities. All the user should do first selecting the object from choose shape box the clicking on Edit button. A new dialog box will appear asking user to enter all the new configuration regarding the properties on each shape only.3. Move Shape All you have to do is to select the current shape from the shape box and click on Move button. A dialog box will appear to you as shown in figure where by clicking on any button you can freely move you shape. 4. Colorize Shape If you want to change the color of a specific shape, all you have to do is to select it from the shape box and then press on colorize button. The following screen will appear asking you to select your desired color and what exactly you want to color: Borders or Filling the shape. You can selected on of them or both to color the shape.5. Delete Shape In order to remove a shape, all you have to do is to select the shape from the shape box and click on delete button. The selected shape will disappear from panel and also from the available shapes in shape box as shown.6. Load Shape In order to load a shape, all you have to do is to click the Load button. A window will appear to you asking you to select the plugin from your pc. A window will appear asking you to enter the path of your new plugin class to enter it in your program. In order to correctly insert your plugin into this program the path of the new plugin should be in the following format: “vector.drawing.application.class_name” . Like the picture below. Our plugin class name is “Trapezoid”. After successfully adding the shape, you will remark that it has been added in a new shape box under the load &amp; draw buttons. Now you are ready to do the new shape, all you have to do is to click on draw button and enter the information of the new shape plugin. Once drawing your new shape, it will be added in the original shape box that contains all the shapes and you can apply all the precious options like: Edit – Move – Copy – Colorize…. on your new shape.
